---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
---
<table class="iveo_table ives_tab_zen ive_eobj_left" style="margin: 0px 10px 0px 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px; border: 1px solid rgb(234, 234, 234); color: rgb(35, 35, 35); font-family: Montserrat, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: left; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; width: 1218.4px; height: 368px;"><tbody style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left; width: 841px;">1. This is a St. Gabriel’s Primary School website. Thank you for examining our privacy statement.&nbsp;<br style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"></td></tr><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left; width: 60px;">2 If you are only browsing this website, we do not capture data that allows us to identify you individually. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); text-align: left; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"></td></tr><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left;">3. If you choose to make an application or send us an e-mail for which you provide us with personally identifiable data, we may share necessary data with other Government agencies, so as to serve you in a most efficient and effective way, unless such sharing is prohibited by legislation. We will NOT share your personal data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.<br style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"></td></tr><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left;">4. For your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other Government agencies. This will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data. We will retain your personal data only as necessary for the effective delivery of public services to you. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"></td></tr><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left;">5. To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"></td></tr><tr style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 0px;"><td style="margin: 0px; outline: 0px; padding: 7px; text-align: left;">6. This site may contain links to non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.</td></tr></tbody></table>